Add CloudRay deployment Guide (#11935)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/deploy/cloudray.mdx

---
title: Deploy your Astro Site with CloudRay
description: How to deploy your Astro site to your Ubuntu Server using CloudRay
sidebar:
  label: CloudRay
type: deploy
i18nReady: true
---
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

> You can deploy your Astro project using [CloudRay](https://cloudray.io), a centralised platform that helps you manage your servers, organise Bash scripts, and automate deployment tasks across virtual machines and cloud servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy your Astro project using [CloudRay](https://cloudray.io), a centralized platform that helps you manage your servers, organize Bash scripts, and automate deployment tasks across virtual machines and cloud servers.
```

:::note
CloudRay itself does not host your site. Instead, it provides automation tools to run deployment scripts on your own infrastructure (e.g., Ubuntu servers) using a connected agent.
:::

## Prerequisites 

To get started, you will need:

- A [CloudRay Account](https://app.cloudray.io)
- Your app code stored in a [GitHub](https://github.com/) repository

## How to Deploy through CloudRay Dashboard

Deploying with CloudRay typically involves three main steps:

<Steps>
1. Install the [CloudRay Agent](https://cloudray.io/docs/agent) on your server to securely register your machine and enable remote automation.

2. In your CloudRay Dashboard, write a reusable Bash script that clones your Astro repo, installs dependencies, builds your site, and configures a web server. Define any repo-specific values using [CloudRay’s variable groups](https://cloudray.io/docs/variable-groups).

> 3. Use CloudRay’s Runlog interface to execute your script on your connected server and monitor the deployment in real-time.

Reviewer: "real time" as a noun doesn't have hyphen
```suggestion
3. Use CloudRay’s Runlog interface to execute your script on your connected server and monitor the deployment in real time.
```
